NewsFeed
            
Using the NewsFeed service, a trusted user can create and share posts in the news feed of the platform. Regular users can start following or chatting with the TU whose post they like. 

Types of posts                                                                                          
1. Automatic announcement about the beginning of a Stream session.                                                     

If a TU starts a Stream session, a notification about it will automatically appear in the news feed of the platform so that other users can join it in time if they would like to. 

Auto announcement might not be available on some products of the platform.

2. Posts created by a TU.

A TU can manually create a post, wait for it to be moderated, and then share the post in the NewsFeed.

A NewsFeed can contain:

only text: minimum size - 100 characters, maximum - 1500 characters;
only photos: up to 10 images from previously approved photos from Media gallery;
text and photos: maximum size - 1500 characters, no minimum size, up to 10 images from previously approved photos from Media gallery.
NewsFeed publishing
A TU can submit up to 10 posts for moderation per day. 24 hours are counted from 00:00 GMT+0.
A TU can publish 2 posts per day. 24 hours are counted from 00:00 GMT+0.
Each approved post can only be published only once.
Usually, regular users will be able to see the new post within 24 hours after the TU has published it. The publication may be delayed if there are a lot of posts being published by different users.
NewsFeed texts moderation
In the NewsFeed, a TU can:

share non-personalized texts on neutral topics;
add a description to the photos in the post;
tell other users about themselves, their mood or hobbies;
invite other users to watch their Stream;
tell other users when their next Stream session will be.
Will be rejected:

texts about dating or romantic relationships, as well as too personal appeals to other users, including romantic or erotic promises and proposals;
phrases that may have sexual context;
provocative phrases and calls to action;
texts with direct or indirect extortion;
texts that contain user's contact information (for example, full name or address);
obscene or offensive phrases;
personalized messages (addressed to a specific user or users);
non-original texts, except for quotes;
meaningless texts, fragments of messages;
misleading information (any information that does not match the information specified in the TU's profile).
NewsFeed photos moderation
In the news feed, a TU can:

share their personal photos of food, places or cities;
add stickers or frames to images if they comply with other moderation rules;
post photos with friends or relatives.
Will be rejected:

poor quality images: cropped, upside down or with bad lighting;
photos with any logos and inscriptions;
screenshots;
photos of a pornographic, offensive or discriminatory nature;
photos that are publicly available on other sites;
photos containing advertising information;
photos containing contact information;
photos of people in the nude, in a swimsuit or underwear (photos showing a user in a swimwear can only be approved if the user's appearance matches the surroundings, for example, the user is at the pool or on the beach);
photographs showing underwear, including partially or through clothing;
photographs of people wearing low-cut or overly-tight clothing (but photos in sportswear at the gym or during a workout may be accepted);
photos of other people without a user, including a photo of a child without an adult;
images that contain alcohol, drugs, any tobacco products, including electronic cigarettes, as well as photos of people in a state of alcohol or drug intoxication;
photos in which the user's face is poorly visible;
photos of the user with a gift that is available for ordering on the site;
the same photo in one post.